---
layout: post
title: "Dylan Hale: A Great Realtor in NC."
meta: "A review of the realtor that helped my family relocate to NC."
published: true
---

If you're in a rush, and you just want to know whether I'd recommend [Dylan
Hale](http://gorealty.biz/home/go-cary/dylan-hale/) as a broker/agent for buying
a home, the answer is: Yes.  Absolutely, without hesitation, reservation, or any
caveat whatsoever: *Yes*.  Dylan is an intelligent, honest, hard-working human
being that also happens to be a very good Realtor with a very good team behind
him.

## Here's the longer version.

My wife and I were living in Northern VA, and we decided to relocate to the
Research Triangle of NC.  Our past experiences with buyer's agents weren't
stellar, and I wanted to try buying our next home without one.  This is just to tell you that, at the
beginning of this story: I didn't want a realtor, I thought I could do
everything without a realtor (saving 3%!), and I was pretty sure I would be
irritated by any realtor that we'd sign up with - all the while wondering "How is
unlocking doors to houses worth 3% commission?"

My wife wasn't necessarily on board with the idea. She humored me, though, and began the process of finding candidate homes
using sites like Zillow.  She'd see a house that fit our criteria and fill in
the little contact form on the side-bar to schedule a walk-through on next
trip down to the area.  Most of the realtors would respond by the end of the day
via email.

*One of the listing agents called her within 3 minutes.*

My wife was the one that answered the phone and spoke to Dylan initially.  After
the phone call ended, she reported a very nice conversation with a realtor that
wasn’t pushy at all, and just wanted to let us know he was happy to help us out
whenever we made a trip down.  My wife and Dylan also talked about the issue of
not having a buyer’s agent, and of COURSE he offered to represent us (it’s his
job, after all!), but she knew I was pretty “enthusiastic” about not getting
tied to a potentially lame realtor - so she just politely indicated that we’d
discuss it and let him know.

Oh, and discuss it we did!  “We haven’t done any research! - This is just some
guy that happened to be the first one to call!” - and right there was the first
chink in my defenses: this guy called within minutes. He’s clearly on top of his
business.  “Ok, credit where credit is due - but what else do we know about him?
That could’ve been an anomaly!”  So my wife, being the marriage-judo master that
she is, agreed that I should vet him further.

So, I called Dylan and introduced myself, and I told him about my concerns and
hesitations and he was very understanding, and when I asked for references from
previous clients, he paused for about 1 second, and then said “Yea, sure, no
problem.  I’ll get a list to you today.”  And he did.

I followed up with the people on his list and got emails and phone calls for
responses.  The responses that I got were not just “+1 would use again” - they
were heartfelt expressions of gladness and relief that they had used Dylan as
their realtor.  With each reply, I was more surprised at the words being used to
describe their experience with a realtor.  They were certainly not words I would
have ever thought attributable to one.  Words like “Hardest Working”,
“work-horse”, “integrity”, “reliability”, “never felt neglected”, “on the ball
every step of the way”, etc, etc.

My wife and I discussed it more, and decided to take Dylan up on his offer to
walk through houses.  We told him about our schedule and that we'd be driving
down on Sunday so that we'd have all of Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday to look at
houses.  He explained that he'd make himself available for us during that period
so that we'd be able to see all of the houses and areas that we needed to see.

On Sunday, as we drove down to NC, my mobile phone rang.  It was Dylan.  He
asked what time we'd be getting into town, and offered to begin showing us
houses that afternoon.  We hadn't assumed he'd be available on Sunday - but he
put it out there because he knew were had a lot to cover in a limited amount of
time.

Whatever concerns I had about Dylan being dependable and reliable were quickly
eroding.

Over the course of the next few days, we proceeded with a routine of waking up,
getting coffee, meeting Dylan, seeing houses, eating lunch, seeing more houses,
and finally getting dinner and going back to our hotel room to digest the day's
events.  Every night, we'd receive emails from Dylan with more listings, and
we'd whittle down the list of houses we kept in a spreadsheet.

By the end of the 3 days, we were exhausted - but we had found the right house
for us, and we did submit an offer, and Dylan was included on the offer as our
agent.

Whatever concerns I had about Dylan being hard-working or dedicated were gone.

Over the next few weeks we proceeded through negotiation, inspections, more
negotiations, and all the other things that wrack the nerves during the
home-buying process.  Dylan and his amazing team were on-point for EVERYTHING.

They arranged inspection, and because I couldn't be there, Dylan was present on
my behalf.  For all of the issues that we learned during inspection, Dylan
reached out to his network of contacts to get answers, estimates, and expert
opinions on various items.

We secured our loan with [Davis Orebaugh at OnQ
Financial](http://onqfinancial.com/our-firm/mortgage-consultants/davis-orebaugh/).
He and his team met the bar that Dylan had set for service, professionalism,
and just being *decent human beings*.  I can't stress that part enough: these
were all *good* people.  Also, we got great loan terms - much better terms than
we were able to get through other lenders.  So, you know, there's that.

When I finally traveled down to NC for the closing, the whole team was there.  I
met [Chris Mann](https://www.facebook.com/ChrisMannLaw), the closing attorney.
He whipped us through the signing process of a massive stack of papers,
explaining everything along the way, answering any questions I might've had.

So, it's all said and done.  We moved in to our new home about two months ago
and I'm writing this review on my blog, because the 150 characters Zillow
affords wasn't enough.

Whatever concerns I ever had about Dylan being the right choice for us, are
gone.

We consider ourselves lucky to have met Dylan and worked with him, and
his team.
